Now let's move in here.
Let's cover another case.
Let's cover the case with trying to create a grade
for an invalid grade type or subject.
In this case, we should get a 400 error.
All right, let's zoom in here
and start writing the code for this test.
So we're trying to create a grade
for a grade type that does not exist,
so an invalid subject.
We'll perform a post over here to the grades,
and then we'll pass in those three parameters
for grade, grade type and student ID.
And notice here for the grade type,
I'm passing in literature.
This grade type doesn't exist.
We only have Math, Science, and History.
So this should give us an error.
Then we pass in a valid student ID of one.
That's okay.
So the main problem here is actually on the grade type.
Now I'm checking the status here.
We should have an error.
And then we can also inspect the contents
of that JSON response and verify it accordingly.
All righty.
So that's it for the coding here.
Let's go and run this test
and let's check out the results.
And all green here,
so this looks really good.
So this test passed, so awesome!
We covered the test case of trying to create a grade
for a grade type that doesn't exist.
Good job!